Mini vMac: README (version 0.1.0)
Paul C. Pratt
www.gryphel.com
February 27, 2001


Mini vMac is a minor spin off of the program
vMac. Its goal is to provide the simplest usable
emulation of a Macintosh, instead of the
fastest or most usable emulation. It can serve
as a programmers introduction to vMac, having
only about one tenth as much source code.

Mini vMac emulates a Mac Plus, a Macintosh computer
sold between 1986 and 1990, and currently only runs
on Macintosh computers. It can be used to run old
software that otherwise couldn't be used on recent
machines. Like vMac, it requires a ROM image file
to run, and so can be legally used only by those
who own a Mac Plus.

Mini vMac is smaller than vMac because it uses a
much simpler, though slower, emulation of the 68000
processor, and strips out all extra features, such
as printing or saving screen images.

Mini vMac is based upon the Macintosh port of vMac
(see http://www.bannister.org/software/).
Please see the file CREDITS for more information.

Mini vMac is distributed under the terms of the
GNU Public License, version 2.  For more information,
see the file COPYING.

Mini vMac is distributed in the hope that it will be
useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the
implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the license for more details.

vMac is not GPL'd. Mini vMac is distributed under the
GPL license with the gracious permission of the
authors of vMac.

-----

contents of the Mini vMac distribution:

README: this document
	
COPYING: The GPL license
	
CREDITS: acknowledgments

doc: documentation folder
	
	manual: How to use the Mini vMac program
	
	build: How to build the Mini vMac program
           from the source files
			
	to_do: Possible improvements for future versions.

c_src: contains all of the C source code files.

lists: lists of source files. Used by the
       automatic build scripts.
	
mpw: contains scripts for the Macintosh Programmers
     Workshop.

mw: contains an AppleScript for use with
    Metrowerks CodeWarrior.

mac_res: contains the Macintosh resource file.
	
mydriver: source code for a fake sony driver that
	      is patched into the emulated rom.
